Update README.md (#12)
Sierra-034/advent-of-code-2024: README.md

Reviewer: We can add some instructions to use the programs as main programs. This structure allows you to execute day_X_Y.py files as main programs and you can pass input data interactively through terminal or redirecting input from a file:

`python src/day_2_1.py < data/day##_simple_data.txt`

Author: Sure

Reviewer: let me know if you need more clarification, please.

# Advent of Code 2024 🎄✨

Welcome to my **Advent of Code 2024** repository! This is where the magic of coding meets festive problem-solving. Each day of December, we tackle a new challenge designed to test our brains, break some loops, and spread a little holiday cheer - one algorithm at a time!

## 🎄 Getting Started  

Ready to dive into the code and start solving puzzles like an elf at the North Pole? Here's what you do:

### 1. Clone This Repo  
Grab the code by running:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Sierra-034/advent-of-code-2024.git
cd advent-of-code-2024
```

### 2. Virtual Environment (Optional, but magical)
Keep things neat by setting up a virtual environment:
```bash
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

> ### 3. Install Dependencies  
> Make sure you have all the tools you need:
> ```bash
> pip install -r requirements.txt
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3. Install Package as editable  
Make sure you have all the tools you need. This will not only install this as a package but also will install pytest  dependency. At your project's root run:
```bash
pip install -e .
```

As the repo can be installed as a package we should be using `pip install -e .` this will also install `pytest` which is a requirement speficied at setup.py file (we might need to delete requirements.txt file as it is unused. Intalling this way will allow us to develop and changes being reflected without needing to reinstall every time you make a change.

Ideally we install the package in environment. That way we can access package modules because they are available in the active anvironment, you could also use the package through interactive python.

I made it like that because I've seen some tricky code in order to overcome import erros when testing. And this mantain things simplier.

### 4. Run the Magic  
Navigate to `src/` and run the solution for any day:
```bash

> python dayX.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python day_X_Y.py
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure on using this naming convention for files. But I think otherwise can be tedious to write a larger file's name. It works for now. If you have something in mind, will be welcome!!

```

> Replace `X` with the day number (e.g., `day1.py` for Day 1).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `X` with the day number and `Y` with the part of the problem (e.g.,  `day_2_1.py` for day 2, part 1) as each problem is divided in two parts.
```

### 3. Install Package as editable  
Make sure you have all the tools you need. This will not only install this as a package but also will install pytest  dependency. At your project's root run:
```bash

> pip install -r requirements.txt

Reviewer: we should revert this

Author: Okay.
